Replace argument for removing a previous manifest (#440)
microsoft/winget-create: doc/update.md

| **-v, --version** |  Version to be used when updating the package version field.
| **-o, --out** |  The output directory where the newly created manifests will be saved locally
| **-s, --submit** |  Boolean value for submitting to the Windows Package Manager repo. If true, updated manifest will be submitted directly using the provided GitHub Token

> | **-r, --replace** |  Boolean value for removing an existing manifest from the Windows Package Manager repo. Optionally provide a version or else the latest version will be removed. Default is false.

Reviewer: Change all other strings that use this description to use `replace` rather than `remove`
```suggestion
| **-r, --replace** |  Boolean value for replacing an existing manifest from the Windows Package Manager repo. Optionally provide a version or else the latest version will be replaced. Default is false.
```
